1.What is a host? Are there more hosts on the internet or non-host network nodes?
How do you know?

A host (also known as "network host") is a computer or other device that communicates with other hosts on a network.
Hosts on a network include clients and servers -- that send or receive data, services or applications.

A node is also a broader term that includes anything connected to a network, while a host requires an IP address


2. What is a protocol?
A protocol is a standard set of rules that allow electronic devices to communicate with each other.
Example TCP (Transmission Control Protocol), UDP (User Diagram Protocol)
IP (Internet Protocol), HTTP (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol),
SMTP(Simple Mail Transfer Protocol), FTP (File Transfer Protocol)


3. Bandwidth – what does it define, why is it something of a misnomer?
The maximum amount of data transmitted over an internet connection in a given amount of time.

Misnomer : Bandwidth is often mistaken 
for internet speed when it's actually the volume of information that can be sent over a connection in a 
measured amount of time – calculated in megabits per second (Mbps)

4. Compare and contrast a statistical multiplexed (packet switched) vs. a statically
multiplexed network. How are they different? What are the advantages and
What are two classes of static multiplexing?


Packet Switching transmits data across digital networks by breaking it down into blocks or packets for more efficient 
transfer using various network devices. Each time one device sends a file to another, it breaks the file down into packets 
so that it can determine the most efficient route for sending the data across the network at that time.
 The network devices can then route the packets to the destination where the receiving device reassembles them for use. 
 
Frequency Division Multiplexing (FDM)
Time-Division Multiplexing (TDM)

5.How long does it take a packet of length 1000 bytes to propagate over a link
distance of 2500 km, propagation speed (s) of 2.5x10ˆ8m/s, and transmission rate
of 2mbps?

d = v * t

T = d/v

= 2500 * 10^3/ 2.5* 10^8*2

 

6.What is an ISP? What different types of ISPs exist?


An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is the industry term for the company that is able to provide you with access to the Internet, typically from a computer. 
If you hear someone talking about the Internet and they mention their “provider,” they're usually talking about their ISP

AT&T, Verizon, Comcast, or Spectrum

7.What are Internet Exchange Points (IXPs) and Points of Presences (PoPs)?

An Internet exchange point (IXP) is a physical location through which Internet infrastructure companies such as 
Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and CDNs connect with each other.

A point of presence (PoP) is a demarcation point, access point, or physical location at which two or 
more networks or communication devices share a connection.

Q.8How does the Traceroute command work?

nslookup google.com

dig @b.root-servers.net edu q-A

dig @a.edu-servers.net www.indiana.edu q-A


Q9.What are two advantages of having a layered network? What about two
disadvantages? What are the layers in the Internet model? In the OSI 7 layer
model?

It assists in protocol design.
It speeds up packet delivery.
It prevents designers from creating their own model.
It prevents technology in one layer from affecting other layers.
It ensures a device at one layer can function at the next higher layer.

OSI Model
Physical Layer - Like Cables, Network Interface cards
Data Link Layer - Physical Address is added MAC Address, Switches
Network Layer - Here source and destination IP Address is added , IP Address, Routers
Transport Layer - Here we add the transport protocols such as TCP and UDP. Also adds source and desitination port number
Session Layer - To Stablish and terminating devices 
Presentation Layer- It formats the data in the way the receiving application can understand it. Also it can encypt and decrypt data if needed
Application Layer - This is where User and Application communicate. Application communicate protocols like SMTP, FTP, 

All 
People
Seem
To 
Need
Data
Processing

Disadvantages
It is purely a theoretical model that does not consider the availability of appropriate technology. This restricts its practical implementation.
The standards of OSI model are theoretical and do not offer adequate solutions for practical network implementation.
After being launched, the OSI model did not meet the practical needs as well as the TCP/IP model. So it was labeled as inferior quality.
The OSI model is very complex. The initial implementation was cumbersome, slow and costly.



Physical Layer
Data Link Layer
Network Layer
Application Layer


11)What are the advantages of a P2P model over a client server model?

Advantages

No need for a network administrator. Network is fast and inexpensive to setup and maintain.
Each computer can make backup copies of its data to other computers for security.

Disadvantages
lacks the feature of centralization.
Security


What is a socket?
Sockets allow communication between two different processes on the same or different machines.
It's a way to talk to other computers using standard Unix file descriptors

13. What does TCP provide that UDP does not? Which is more impactful on the
network?


UDP does not provide the connection like the TCP

TCP is considered more reliable than its UDP counterpart. 
This is because TCP performs error correction that reduces a chance that a connection will drop out.


14. In general, what does an HTTP message between 200 and 299 mean?

200 means OK
299 means success

the request has been accepted, a new request has been created, or a certain problem was solved.


15. What are the advantages and disadvantages of persistent vs. non-persistent
HTTP? Which would I want to use for a large, one-time file transfer?

The non-persistent connection has connection type 1.0, while the persistent connection has connection type 1.1.
The non-persistent connection takes the connection time of 2RTT + file transmission time.
It takes the first RTT (round-trip time) to establish the connection between the server and the client.

A persistent connection takes 2 RTT for the connection and then transfers as many objects, as wanted, over this single connection.

Persistance

16. What is the difference between IMAP and POP?

MAP is better if you are going to be accessing your email from multiple devices, such as a work computer and a smart phone. POP3 works better if you are only using one device, but have a very large number of emails. 
It is also better if you have a poor internet connection and need to access your emails offline

17.What roles may a Super Node play in a P2P network?
In peer-to-peer networking, a supernode is any node that also serves as one of that network's relayers and proxy servers, handling data flow and connections for other users. 
This semi-distributed architecture allows data to be decentralized without requiring excessive overhead at every node.

18.Give a high level overview of the operation of SMTP from client and server
perspectives.

19.Give a high level overview of how DNS works. Make sure to include the concept of
a Root and TLD domain server. Why do root servers exist?


20.Explain, at a high level, the code flow in C or Python of a socket connection and
sending/receiving data. What types of sockets can be created and used?








